---
layout: post
title: A Fractured Fairy Tale
---

*Jack and Jill went up a hill and landed in the Austin Animal Center.  Jack fell down and broke his leg and needed a long and costly rehabilitation.*

Please help us change the way this story ends. [Jack](/greyhounds/jack2) and his sister [Jill](/greyhounds/jill) are
both young greyhounds who were part of an animal cruelty seizure by the
Austin Police Dept. We will likely never know how their story began.

Jill was a bit shocked and withdrawn when we first brought her into our
program, but is now doing very well in her foster home. Jack, on the other
hand, seemed to take to toys right away. You could hear him joyfully squeaking
away half the day. Jack has a couple of chronic conditions that are being
addressed, but don’t affect his quality of life. Just when things
were looking up for Jack, he broke his leg while on a walk with his
foster family. Jack went to the Emergency Animal Hospital in
South Austin, but because of those long, gangly greyhound legs, a
simple cast was not going to work.  The following day he was moved to
Veterinary Surgical Solutions, where Dr. Kirk Lewis surgically
repaired the leg with a plate. Jack will require frequent re-checks
and dressing changes over the next 2-3 months.
The hardest part will be keeping this playful boy quiet while on activity
restriction.

The cost of Jack’s orthopedic care will exceed $3000. Unfortunately, his is not
our only sad story recently. Help make this one a happy ever-after ending
by [donating here](http://www.gpa-centex.org/donate/).
Your gift in any amount is appreciated. This is #JacksStory
